Timestamps for Beginner's Guide to React lessons 06-17 (#178)
eggheadio/eggheadio-course-notes: the-beginners-guide-to-react/notes/11-react-use-event-handlers-with-react-bd53256d.md

- We still haven’t gotten to state yet, so we’ve implemented our own little way of managing state and re-rendering our component so we can play around with event handlers.

> - One thingyou’ll want to know is that events with React are very similar to working with events in regular DOM. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- One thing you’ll want to know is that events with React are very similar to working with events in regular DOM. 
```
